Incomplete Sort








Merge sort is a sorting algorithm. It works by splitting an array in half, sorting both halves recursively and then merging those halves together to sort the entire array. Your friend is working on an implementation of the merge sort algorithm, but unfortunately he is not quite there yet: he can only sort half of the array! In great despair he turns to you for help: can you use his unfinished code to write an algorithm that sorts an array completely?

In its current state, your friend's code is a sorting function that can be run on arbitrary sub-arrays, as long
as it is precisely half as long as the original array. It then correctly sorts this sub-array. You decide to
play around with this function, so you start with a jumbled array and try to sort it (see figure).
After choosing  sub-arrays and using them as input for the sorting function, you end
up with a sorted array. Interestingly, it seems that no matter what the original array you use is, you can always sort it completely by invoking your friend's sorting function only  times. You decide that this makes for a good challenge: you want to extend the code to work for a full array, making at most three calls to the sorting function.

Now you need to figure out which sub-arrays to sort!
Given an array of length , output at most three sub-arrays of length 
so that sorting these sub-arrays in order will result in a sorted array.
It is guaranteed that this is always possible.





















































Input
	
		One line containing a single integer  () divisible by , the length of the array.
		One line containing  unique integers  (), the array to be sorted.
	

Output
	The output consists of:
	
		One line containing the number of function calls  ().
		 lines, each containing  unique integers  (), the indices determining
			the sub-array to be sorted at each of the function calls.
	
	If there are multiple valid solutions, you may output any one of them.
	You do not have to minimise .

